a basketball mystery i'll try not to
dribble
detective taylor came to investigate a
tricky case
someone had pushed a famous basketball
player down the stairs
and he ended up in a hospital right
before an important game
the detective had three suspects all of
them were the player's teammates
connor said he had been cleaning and
checking the balls
nathan explained he had had his lunch
several cheeseburgers and french fries
after that he ran to the court to train
and julian told the detective
he had been getting a massage his back
hurt
detective taylor didn't need much time
to figure out who the culprit was
will you manage to do the same in eight
seconds
[Music]
it was nathan who pushed his teammate
who eats such a big lunch before
training
a mysterious car evan and elias
owned a small store in a quiet district
one day they decided to stay late
and discuss some business issues at
midnight evan
called the police when officers arrived
he was desperate
i left elias in the room and went to
check which products we had to order
but when i came back 10 minutes later he
was lying on the floor
someone had hit him on the head then the
police officers asked evan
if he had seen anyone near the store i
didn't
but i heard a car driving away when i
ran out of the store
it was already disappearing around the
corner it was foggy outside
and the car didn't have its lights on
that's why i couldn't see the plate
numbers
but i noticed that the car was dark blue
after this explanation
evan was arrested for hitting his
partner why
when it's foggy and dark it's impossible
to recognize the dark blue color
stolen documents mark came to see his
friend thomas in his office
while walking along the corridor he
heard his friend shouting
he dashed inside and spotted thomas
standing near a girl who was on the
floor
it's my secretary linda i just returned
from my lunch break
and saw her unconscious also my safe was
open
and very important documents were
missing another man
thomas's deputy entered the room whoa
what's happened here i've been away for
10 minutes at the most
i just went to buy coffee at the nearest
cafe
suddenly the girl opened her eyes ah
i had such a scare i was working with
documents when somebody grabbed me from
behind
and then darkness i don't know what
would have happened if you hadn't shown
up boss
mark told thomas to call the police
immediately why
[Music]
if the secretary was unconscious how did
she know
it was thomas who saved her
a lost puppy claire had been dreaming
about having a dog for ages
and last week she finally got herself a
cute puppy
but when she returned home one evening
her puppy was gone
the only thing left behind was a strange
note if you want to see your pet again
leave five thousand dollars near the
flower bed in your garden
claire immediately called her friend
asher who was a fan of detective riddles
together they went to question the
neighbors when mr jones opened the door
he looked worn out after claire and
asher
asked him about the puppy he only sighed
my wife has just given birth to our
first baby
we already have enough stress in our
life mrs
anderson got angry after she heard the
question i would never take someone's
pet
i have three cats and two dogs of my own
they're my family
mr miller also didn't like the question
i'm allergic to animals
why would i want to come near one and he
sneezed loudly
when the friends returned home asher
told claire who had taken her pooch
can you figure it out
[Music]
it was mr miller he was sneezing and his
eyes were a bit red
these are common signs of an allergy it
means claire's puppy was nearby
a wrecked car mr davis called the police
he was extremely upset someone had taken
his car for a joy ride
crashed it into a tree and ran away the
man suspected one of the teenagers
living in the neighborhood
the police questioned three young people
maya said she had a part-time job in a
coffee shop
and when the accident happened she was
at work
adrian told the police his parents had
punished him
his dad told him to clean the fireplace
and that's what he was doing when the
crash occurred
and ian claimed he had been hanging out
with a friend at his place
they had been binge watching the latest
series
after listening to all the suspects the
police officers arrested one of them
you have eight seconds to figure it out
who it was
it was adrian his house doesn't have a
chimney
it means there's no fireplace inside and
he couldn't be cleaning it
which husband naomi's husband hunter was
an
explorer well that makes sense he went
on an expedition to antarctica
and never came back naomi felt something
bad had happened
she gathered several friends and
traveled to antarctica to look for her
husband
when the group arrived at hunter's camp
they found it deserted
naomi suggested separating and searching
the area
the woman herself headed to the south
she had been walking for an hour or so
when the snow under her feet gave way
naomi dropped several feet down
when she came to her senses the woman
found herself in a huge
hall that looked like a lab she turned
around and screamed
right in front of her there were two
large blocks of ice
and inside each of them there was her
husband the two men looked identical
how could the woman tell them apart
naomi knew she was pressed for time
she had to decide and fast several
seconds later
she knew which man was her husband can
you figure it out too
the man on the left has only four
fingers on each hand
and the man on the right doesn't have
any problems with fingers
plus he's wearing a necklace with a
letter n on it
good for you naomi but he's still in a
block of ice
an unfair accusation one day cooper was
relaxing at home when someone rang the
doorbell
when the guy opened the door he saw two
police officers
they told cooper it was his neighbor who
called them
this rude guy my neighbor cooper
insulted me the neighbor shouted
i jumped into my car and tried to drive
away but he chased after me
then he threw a stone and smashed my car
window
to say cooper was shocked was an
understatement he asked the police
officers to let him make a phone call
his friend jason a private detective
came in no time
together with the police officers they
went to look at the neighbor's car
after they examined it the police
arrested the neighbor
and jason returned to assure cooper
there was nothing to worry about
so how did they understand cooper wasn't
guilty
it was the windshield that was smashed
but if cooper had been chasing after the
car
the stone would have broken the rear
window
dangerous twins jack and john are twin
brothers
they're burglars and police all over the
country have been trying to catch them
for several years
that's why everyone's ecstatic when one
of the brothers
gets into a trap after breaking into a
wealthy businessman's villa
but police officers have a problem they
can't figure out whether they've caught
jack or john so similar the brothers
appear
the man also refuses to speak the only
thing the detectives know is that jack
always lies and john always tells the
truth
how could they find out who the man is
by asking him just one question
you have eight seconds to figure it out
the question the police officers need to
ask is do you have a brother
if it's jack he'll lie and say no and if
it's john
he'll give a positive answer
a flat tire robert is a smart kid
he has brilliant analytical skills and
great logical thinking
right now his parents are driving him to
a math competition in another town
the car's going along the highway at
high speed when they hear a loud bang
and robert's dad loses control of the
car luckily he manages to pull up on the
side of the road
the entire family gets out of the
vehicle to see the damage
uh oh a flat tire and no spare and
robert's math competition is about to
start
all of a sudden a pickup truck stops
nearby
its driver offers his help i have
several spare tires
i can give one of them to you but not
for free the guy tells
them the price and it's extremely high
but there's no choice
otherwise robert will miss the
competition meanwhile the boy walks
around the truck and realize
the driver has staged the whole thing
how has he figured it out
the so-called spare tires inside the
truck are much smaller than the truck's
own ones